# Reflection on Using GitHub Copilot for Data Cleaning

## What Copilot Generated
For this project, I used GitHub Copilot to help generate a lot of the functions in my `data_cleaning.py` script. I gave Copilot clear descriptions of what the functions were supposed to do and Copilot provided initial versions of the `load_data`, `clean_column_names`, `handle_missing_values`, and `remove_invalid_rows` functions. The suggestions it generated had basic DataFrame operations and followed the descriptions I wrote in the comments which made it really easy for me to build the program to how I wanted it to work.

## What I Modified
Copilot's generated functions were very helpful but I needed to make some adjustments for my script to work how the assignment wanted. One thing I had to change was that Copilot originally suggested simply calling `df.columns = df.columns.str.lower()` which just makes all the column names lowercase but it did not strip the whitespace or replac the spaces with underscores, so I added `.str.strip()` and `.str.replace(" ", "_")` for the column names. In the missing-value function, Copilot also dropped all the rows with missing numeric values, but I changed that to `fillna(0)` to instead fill the missing values with 0. I also made it so that rows with negative prices and quantities, were not counted since Copilot did not automatically include that check. These were most of the changes I needed to make my script match the assignment's description.

## What I Learned
While doing this project I learned how helpful Copilot is for generating Python functions based off of small prompts, but it still requires revision. Copilot does not understand some business rules for data so it cannot decide whether the missing values in the dataset should be filled or just dropped. It also does not understand what counts as an invalid row I had to do that. One example is when Copilot generated the missing-value handler that would drop rows but it was too aggressive and I realized that it was messing up the dataset. This assignment definitely helped sharpen my skills in using AI tools like Copilot for writing scripts. AI is a great tool that is useful for saving time and helping me when Im stuck but I still have to apply my own reasoning and judgment so I can make sure my script is working as intended.